= CloudFlock

CloudFlock is an API and toolchain aimed at making automating tasks involved in
migrating servers easier.

== Requirements

CloudFlock aims to be supportable on as many platforms as possible, so
depending on any system binaries is avoided.  If the following libraries are
installed and functional, CloudFlock should work as expected:
  * fog
  * cpe
  * console-glitter

== CLI Toolchain

The cloudflock utility is wizard-driven and attempts to be as easy to use as
possible.  If any part of the process is unclear, then cloudflock has failed to
do its job.  Each utility's command line options can be fully exposed by
invoking:
  cloudflock <utilityname> --help

=== Profile

The profile utility generates a report about a remote Unix host.

=== Servers

The servers utility provides the functionality for automating host-level
migrations of Unix hosts.  Migrations can be performed to already-provisioned
hosts, or a host can be provisioned automatically on Rackspace.

=== Files

The files utility provides for migrating collections of files between Amazon
S3, Rackspace Cloud Files and local directories.

== API

The CloudFlock API can be used to build services around CloudFlock's
functionality.  The CLI applications under cloudflock/app should serve as
reasonably straightforward reference implementations.

== Contributions

Please avoid pull requests against the master branch, which should represent
the state of the current gem.  The 'working' branch should be used as a target
for pull requests when in doubt.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013,2014 Rackspace US, Inc. See COPYING for details.
